1. Are there any environmental problems in your country?
Absolutely yes, the most common environmental issue in my home town
is exhausted emission produced by cars and motobikes have been afflicting
the air and water quality. My government is struggling to deal with the 
problem.

2. Do you take an interest in nature?
Of course yes, as a city person, I barely have an opprtunity to experience
the natural environment. Then whenever I have a holiday, I really perfer
to go to the far-off destination, so I could get closed to the nature and 
discover the natural world.

3. Do you or your family take steps to help the environments?
Yes we do. We always turn off lights or electronic appliances 
when they are unnecessary. Although this is minor action, 
but I believe that it could make significantly contribution to 
the environment.

4. Describe environmental pollution in your city
- What type of pollution is/are?
- Why it had happened?
- And explain how this pollution can be controlled?

I have been living in Hanoi for almost 8 years, then I have
the chance to see how the city has changed in these years.

Due to increasing number of tourists, Hanoi's environment has been
polluted significantly. Indeed, many people travelling to there
have illegally thrown rubblish into the land and water, which caused
to land and water pollution. In addition, industrial and household
waste from factories and families is contributing to the high level
of pollution.

In order to solve this issue, I would recommend the Hanoi's authority 
to heavily fine who are caught realising trash into the atmosphere.
By carrying out the rule, people being intent to litter the environment
will be afraid of being punished, which can deter them from discharging 
unlawful waste.

Another solution is that the government should run some campaigns to 
raise the awareness of people about how important the environment is.
For example, showing local people and visitors the danger of global 
warming and greenhouse effect that I believe could change their attitude
towards the protection of environment, which is like to have a good impact
on air quality.

Although the two actions above are just simple, I think it will be an
effective way to mitigate the environmental contamination in a long term.
